jason here and we actually are here with
Jesse one of the head wraps over here at
stryker so Jesse go ahead man talk talk
to us about your field all right well I
don't know I think you guys got a little
earlier look at it right now we're
sitting in the rest area we got a lot of
shade we've got foot lockers the foot
lockers are actually ammo lockers from
actual Amal lockers from the 70s so
great facilities I think you guys got to
look at the clubhouse running water
power yup great observation deck going
to have 2013 PSP airfield set up here
next week right now we've got some great
fields d-day you think you guys got to
look at the d-day absolutely probably
our signature feel than the one that is
just absolutely loved by the players are
out here it kicks everybody's butt
everything I think it's going to be easy
but everybody walks off a little humbled
we've got a great group of refs here
we're just getting started right now and
if when you take a look around you
couldn't ask for a better setting set
between mountains with a river next by
nice mild temperatures absolutely and
now the few things too since you were
doing the little Ariel thing if you
notice like in the other videos we're
going to be doing there's goggles on
signs all over the place so they're
really keen on safety here the actual
fuel station is right next to where you
walk into play which is going to save
you the walk save you the downtime the
refs here make you cry no the guns when
you first get here and randomly
throughout the day to make sure no one's
shooting hot they have a great field set
up like just saying they're going to be
having a 2013 PSP air ball field they
have a hyper ball field which is awesome
they actually have a castle and actually
have a hey barrel filled with a
four-point starting position which is
great for totally dominating people yeah
now you were saying too that where
you're going to try doing is with the
airsoft and paintball you're going to
kind of have to have their own way the
airsoft group will have their own stage
and airsoft will be approximately four
acres their own private States staging
area to actually enter from a different
point so they're going to feel like
they're on their own world completely
separate than the paintball players
they'll have a mill
see them set up an army base down there
with an urban close quarter section to
it so again it's about four acre so it's
going to play open but it's also got
close quarter facilities to it and then
also coming we've got for the paintball
there's a western town kind of a I don't
want to call it close quarters but we're
going to build a western town in the far
corner and that'll be up within the next
couple of weeks also so we get a lot of
great stuff coming we're just getting
off the ground right now but I think
what we've got in place already there's
really nothing like it in the area right
now especially when you're talking
Central Coast and absolutely it's a very
exciting right now and the reviews so
far from the players have just been off
the charts so we're very very happy with
absolutely why I have to say that you
guys did a really good job getting this
field together coming from a family man
with two boys I'm really keen when you
come your paintball park you want to be
family oriented while I was here today I
didn't hear any profanity the refs do
not stand for that everyone had a smile
on their face nobody was a poor sport
the games went quick the refs were
running in and out of the in and out of
the games checking for paint hits I have
to admit the refs here we're definitely
on the ball the entire time we were here
so we love that well Jessie thanks for
the time we look at more to all the new
stuff so yet again this is jason here at
stryker paintball in santa paula
california near my hometown I can't ways
come on here and shoot people other than
that thanks for watching